[Music]
what to do when a girl looks at you are
you a confident and brave spirit online
but shy away and lose the whole act when
a girl throws just one glance at you in
real life yeah happens to the best of us
well it's easier to win in any game when
you know the rules right
the same goes for flirting so to up your
dating game and never lose your cool
again when a girl looks your way pay
close attention to the tips we're about
to share with you but first take a
moment to get your exclusive access to
tons of useful and fun videos coming out
on the daily all you've got to do is hit
that subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join the bright
side of life now let's see what we can
do for your flirting game imagine this
you're at a bar or bowling with your
friends all of a sudden you get that
indescribable yet easily recognizable
feeling that you're being watched you
raise your eyes and see her attractive
self-confident amazing that girl
definitely knows what she wants you look
at her for like a millisecond and then
immediately look away as your face is
turning red
she totally caught you off guard a
minute later you calm yourself down and
get ready for it
but she isn't looking at you anymore
Congrats
you blew it that's not what we want
right so let's play that scenario again
with some alternative approaches you
could order her a drink and have the
waiter deliver a tour saying compliments
from the gentleman over there
well that trick might work in the movies
but that's not how we do it in real life
if you want to buy the girl a drink buy
her a drink and give it to her yourself
another thing dating coaches recommend
for some reason is to get all mysterious
and move to the other corner of the bar
the fair lady is supposed to follow you
there and start a conversation herself
word of the wise that's not
happen it just creeps most women out and
they'll find someone else to check out
so what's the right way to do it just
follow these basic steps one assess the
situation
you won't have much time for this step
but it's easier done than said really
you see the girl might have looked at
you just because it's natural for people
to scan the room with their eyes she
could just be deep in thought and giving
you an empty look finally it may be a
former classmate or co-worker you
haven't seen in ages who's trying to
figure out where she's seen you before
one thing is definite when she gives you
the look you'll know it you'll feel
right away that she set her eyes on you
because you've beat her interest some
good signs that she's showing interest
in you or when she shifts her gaze from
you to some object and then back at you
when she maintains eye contact for
longer than a second and obviously when
she smiles while looking at you if any
of these signs are present it's up to
you to decide whether or not to give her
a meaningful look back which brings us
to our next step
to look back at her if you feel she's
into you and you're equally into her and
you're not in a relationship at the
moment of course it's high time you
looked back at her seriously
don't hesitate to do it quickly or else
she might think you're not interested
let her know you've noticed her glance
and you wouldn't mind getting to know
her
when I say glance I really mean it don't
make it longer than one to two seconds
staring at a stranger no matter how
attractive they are would creep anyone
out in case she looks away before she
catches your glance keep looking at her
until she notices and forget about the
cliche of smiling because it's a great
icebreaker and so on a grin out of
nowhere especially when it's nervous and
paired with scared eyes or a cheesy
smirk are unlikely to do you any good
instead practice something else that
works all the time
supermodel and businesswoman Tyra Banks
calls it a smize which translates to
smile with your eyes you can practice it
in front of the mirror to master it so
it doesn't come out all awkward when
it's Showtime
a self-confident guy who knows his own
worth can easily send a lady all the
right vibes with his eyes alone it's
totally masculine yet gives her the
message you have a kind and warm
personality that you are ready to show
her as you smize at her keep your chin
up and don't lose confidence 3 establish
longer eye contact
after you've exchanged a few glances
it's time to take some more serious
action and know it's not about
approaching her just yet it's all about
creating some positive tension using eye
contact a 2005 study led by dr. Malia
Fox Mason a psychologist at Columbia
University proved that we find people
more attractive when they make eye
contact and follow us with their gaze so
why not take full advantage of what
science has proven once you've caught
her glance again keep looking at her as
if you're having a silent conversation
it sounds weird but it's not that hard
if you've practiced the most important
thing is that you send her the right
message you're a strong confident adult
who knows exactly what he wants to spice
it up a bit you could also try the
sticky ice technique as you're about to
look away
turn your head but keep your eyes on her
for another moment it's a subtle way of
telling her you find her so attractive
that you literally can't take your eyes
off her as if they're stuck there again
practice this technique in front of the
mirror you don't want to risk coming out
awkward or creepy if you feel like
something's gone wrong and your
connection has been interrupted on her
side don't panic it's not the end yet
you see there are shy guys and there are
also shy girls out there she might just
need a little more time to adjust
besides that if she suddenly looked away
she might be playing hard-to-get in that
case just stay confident and show her
you're still in it to win it
once you've got her attention back let
her know you're about to approach her
yes you have to do it without saying a
word with your mouth say it with your
eyes instead
for a brochure finally it's time for the
big scary part you've both feared and
waited for approach the girl to make it
easier for you think of it this way she
invited you to get to know her and
you're just accepting her invitation
she's the one who looked at you in the
first place right so get up don't slouch
keep your back straight and your head up
and approach the girl now that you're
standing next to her it's time to say
something think over your opening lines
don't mumble and by all means don't say
something stupid or cliche keep it
casual and playful don't go with
something formal like let me introduce
myself
instead go for hey I don't think we've
met before
my name is once she responds get into a
friendly conversation it's hard to
predict where it's gonna go or which
topics you're gonna cover remember one
thing girls love a guy who listens
respond to what she says and not just
one-liners like oh that's cool ask
follow-up questions and just be yourself
you definitely can't go wrong with that
another important thing to remember is
that all girls are different they have
their own turn-ons and red flags but one
thing they all appreciate like any other
human is being treated with respect
do you find it hard to approach people
you don't know tell us in the comments
below don't forget to give this video a
like if it helps you out any and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
you